# Summary

This repository is for mapping academic literature on tumor organoid and tumor-on-chip models. The mapping analysis was performed as a downstream analysis to the previous meta-analysis on (non-tumor) organoid and organ-on-chip models (https://github.com/jyshoji/text_analysis_organoids; Shoji et al., 2023). In brief, in this organoid/organ-on-chip meta-analysis, academic publications were collected and deduplicated. Then, organ models in each publication, along with whether they are tumor models or not, were determined. Non-tumor models were analyzed in the above meta-analysis, whereas tumor models are analyzed in this meta-analysis. 
This repository R code (in the "R" folder), categorization results ("R_results"),  csv files that were used for the mapping analysis ("csv"), as well as generated figures ("results"). If you want to reproduce the analysis, see *./README_reproduction.md* for more details.

The repsitory can be used to: 
1. investigate the data (see *./README_investigating.md*)
2. reproducing the analysis (see *./README_reproduction.md*).

# Terminology

- **Repository** means the GitHub repository *https://github.com/jyshoji/text_analysis_tumor_organoids*
- **R script files** mean files containing R code in *./R/* folder of the repository, with the extension *.R*.

# Folders and files

## ./R/

The folder contains R script files used for the analysis.

## ./R_results/

Containing R data files that were generated through the analysis by the R scripts.

## ./clinical_trials

Containing csv files of clinical trials related to tumor organoids / ToC, downloaded from ClinicalTrials.gov.

## ./csv/

Containing csv files that were generated by/for the R code. Typically, the subfolder *./csv/temps/* contains csv files generated by R code, which were then manually adjusted on Excel and saved in *./csv/*.

## ./csv2/

Containing csv files that can be readily used to reproduce the analysis. 

## ./results/

Graphical figures generated in the analysis.

## ./results2/

Contains the same folders and subfolders as the above *./results/*, but no figure files. Can be used to easily setup folders in which R saves graphical files.  

## LICENSE.md

License statement.

## README.md

This file.

## README_investigating.md
Instruction on how to investigate the data in the repository.

## README_reproduction.md
Instruction on how to reproduce the analysis.
